The Wolfram Language sets the gold standard for analytics and visualization, with an unprecedented level of power and ease of use on the desktop and
in the cloud. Uniform symbolic handling of all forms of data including images, networks, etc. Maximum automation for optimal algorithms, computational aesthetics, etc.

SashiDo is a platform (mBaaS) that enables developers to build any API they need in no time. ... The platform scales your app automatically
according to its need so you don't have to worry if your app can handle the traffic.

Balsamiq Wireframes is a user interface design tool for creating wireframes (sometimes called mockups or low-fidelity prototypes).
You can use it to generate digital sketches of your idea or concept for an application or website, to facilitate discussion and understanding before any code is written.

A repl at Repl.it is an interactive programming environment. You can create a workspace in any number of languages. This workspace provides you with
a container on a virtual machine where your code can run

What is Taskade? Taskade is where remote teams get work done. Organize tasks, write product specs, automate repetitive workflows, and video chat with your 
team, all in one unified workspace. You can get started instantly for free.

O'Reilly learning provides individuals, teams, and businesses with expert-created and curated information covering all the areas that will shape our 
future—including artificial intelligence, operations, data, UX design, finance, leadership, and more.

Bilda is a completly a strong base platform for innovative ideas

ticker Mule is the fastest and easiest way to buy custom printed products. Thousands of people in India trust us to make kick ass stickers, labels, magnets, badges & more. 
Order in 60 seconds and get free online proofs, free shipping and super fast turnaround. More relative to designing

Echo ar, Build your backend in minutes.

Quickly set up server-side infrastructure for your application and keep your developers focused on creating great AR/VR products.

Axure RP 9 is the most powerful way to plan, prototype, and hand off to developers, all without code. Download a free trial and see why professionals choose Axure RP

egghead is a group of working web development professionals and open source contributors that provide you with concise, information dense video courses on 
the best tools in the industry.


vs code extensions to be downloaded
Recommended

esbenp.prettier-vscode
formulahendry.auto-close-tag
hex-ci.stylelint-plus
dbaeumer.vscode-eslint
naumovs.color-highlight
DigitalBrainstem.javascript-ejs-support
Optional
ritwickdey.LiveServer
erikphansen.vscode-toggle-column-selection
file-icons


angela yu documentation - https://www.appbrewery.co/p/web-development-course-resources


jsfiddle - https://jsfiddle.net/ - playground online use this especially js 
codepen - https://codepen.io/your-work - play ground

awwwards - reference for websites
uiPatterns - reference for websites
dribble - an usefull site for websites were we can search stuffs on colors and even do animation
sneakpeakit - wireframing stuffs we should download and use this
balsamiq - online wireframing stuffs easy

font awesome - for grabbong fonts say like icons 8

bootsnip - for getting new new codes say like bootstrap
mobile friendly test - helps in testing whether our app is suitable for mobiles
